>> Brian Holt: So one more thing just
to show I chose to implement our moles.
So you can see here I have the happy face
and the sad face just looping back and
forth to each other.
And the way that I did that is
let nextTime equals Date.now,
this is the same thing
that basically is above.
And you're just saying if he's
hungry then change him to sad, and
if he's sad change him to hungry and then
you just flipping that back and forth.
We talked about the exclamation point,
that just means if it's true that's
false and if it's false becomes true.
It's the opposite of whatever it is.
So this is just flipping his hungry
back and forth every single time and
then it's just doing
that every one second.
Yeah, notice that we
grabbed the mole here, so
get document.getElementbyID mole,
which is this one here, ID mole.
>> Brian Holt: And then, at that point,
it's just changing mole.source,
which is how you change
the image on something.
>> Brian Holt: So you are going
to need to grab all the assets.
Last piece of advice on the game here.
My best advice for
you is I would make the section or
the div or whatever you wanna do for
the background, just make it a fix with
I have it fixed to 1,920
pixels by 1,080 pixels.
And that way you can kind of depend on
everything being in the same height and
width and all that kinda stuff.
I used Flex, that's why everything's
kinda centered around the middle.
That helps as well.
If you wanna get the cursor, so
you see down here at the bottom, cursor,
if you just give it a URL like that
you can load an image as your cursor.
So that's how I got the little
bird to be my cursor.
And then Jen showed you
how to do hover state?
So if something hovers over something,
you can change the cursor to be
something else, which is how it changes
to be the bird with the worm in there.